Adds docs for security_center_auto_provisioning (#9105)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/security_center_auto_provisioning.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Security Center"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_security_center_auto_provisioning"
description: |-
  Manages the subscription's Security Center Auto Provisioning.
---

# azurerm_security_center_auto_provisioning

Enables or disables the Security Center Auto Provisioning feature for the subscription

~> **NOTE:** There is no resource name required, it will always be "default"

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_security_center_auto_provisioning" "example" {
  auto_provision = "On"
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `auto_provision` - (Required) Either "On" or "Off" to enable or disable Auto Provisioning. This is not case sensitive.

Reviewer: the Terraform field for this is case-sensitive, so I think this can become:

```
* `auto_provision` - (Required) Either "On" or "Off" to enable or disable Auto Provisioning.
```

However maybe it's worth explaining a little more what this does:

```suggestion
* `auto_provision` - (Required) Should the security agent be automatically provisioned on Virtual Machines in this subscription? Possible values are `On` (to install the security agent automatically, if it's missing) or `Off` (to not install the security agent automatically).
```
